Add more unit tests for page components/controls (#96)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user_guides/components.md

        [![Button]][Button]

    [Button]: ../../assets/user_guides/components/button.png

> The [`Button`][vizro.models.Button] component is currently reserved to be used inside the right-side of the dashboard (output side).
> However, there might be use cases where one wants to place the `Button` on the left-side with the controls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`Button`][vizro.models.Button] component is currently reserved to be used inside the main panel of the dashboard.
However, there might be use cases where one would like to place the `Button` inside the control panel (left-side) with the other controls.
```

> In this case, simply follow the user-guide outlined for [custom components](custom_components.md) and manually add the `Button` as a control type
> by running the following lines before your dashboard configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, simply follow the user-guide outlined for [custom components](custom_components.md) and manually add the `Button` as a valid type to the `controls` argument by running the following lines before your dashboard configurations:
```
